{\rtf1\mac\ansicpg10000\cocoartf102
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset77 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10880\viewh9980\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 This is the README for Cocoa# (Cocoa-sharp).\
\
Cocoa# is a Mono -> Cocoa bridge allowing for the development of Cocoa applications using Mono.  It is similar in nature to the PyObjC bridge.  This package is directed toward .Net/Mono developers seeking a wider audience for their products.\
\
There is not a lot of documentation at this point.  However, included on the disk image are examples that should get you started.  A well commented place to start is the CurrencyConverter.cs source file.\
\
More examples are available with the source code. Instructions for getting the source are available at http://www.mono-project.com/contributing/anoncvs.html.  Please note the module name is cocoa-sharp.\
\
It should also be made clear that this is a 0.1 version, as such performance may not be so great and there is a bunch of debugging output when you run a program.  This should get cleaned up in 0.2.\
\
Cocoa# is the work of the Cocoa# team.  Main contributors to the 0.1 code base are :\
\
	Urs Muff\
	Geoff Norton\
\
Others who helped include:\
	C.J. Collier\
	Adhamh Findlay\
	Andy Satori\
\
All questions about cocoa# should be directed to cocoa-sharp@lists.ximian.com.  \
\
Other resources include:\
	http://www.mono-project.com/contributing/cocoa-sharp.html (contains a simple howto)}